It’s a small soccer field where they’re going to shoot the MV!
HyunJin : I’m good at soccer...
HyunJin : But I can’t do now. Because I’m wearing hills
HyunJin : Dribble!
'Show me (your shot)~!'
HyunJin : But I’m wearing heels..
HyunJin seems to have an uncommon ability to play soccer
HyunJin : If I’m wearing sneakers, I could beat them all!!
It’s basketball time!
She never missed a target… like Stephen Curry…
HeeJin : It’s amazing~
HeeJin : HyunJin said
HeeJin : She was a member of a school soccer club, table tennis club, basketball club.
Even a tennis or a badminton club.
HeeJin : She is very strong and...
HeeJin is intent on bragging about the member~!
HeeJin : She has good reflexes!
HeeJin : I think her strength is unusual!